Resolve syncing conflicts from repo_sync_working_branch to live (#2300)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: OneDrive/plan-onedrive-enterprise.md

### Manage OneDrive updates using Microsoft Endpoint Configuration Manager

To manually push an update to the OneDrive sync app on a Windows device, start by downloading the updated OneDrive sync app from [OneDrive for Windows](https://onedrive.live.com/about/download). This method is typically applicable only for older installations of Office running on devices with a Windows version earlier than Windows 10 that are not updating OneDrive as part of their other updates.

> After you download the app, you can create a script in Configuration Manager by following the process in [Create and run PowerShell scripts from the Configuration Manager Console](/configmgr/apps/deploy-use/create-deploy-scripts/) or by using a traditional script-based application such as that in [Create applications in Configuration Manager](/configmgr/apps/deploy-use/create-applications/). When using either option, the command to update the OneDrive sync app using the installer is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have downloaded the app, you can create a script in Configuration Manager by following the process in [Create and run PowerShell scripts from the Configuration Manager Console](/configmgr/apps/deploy-use/create-deploy-scripts/) or by using a traditional script-based application such as that in [Create applications in Configuration Manager](/configmgr/apps/deploy-use/create-applications/). When using either option, the command to update the OneDrive sync app using the installer is:
```
